feat(git): Rewriting docs to use git credential helper (#455)
foundriesio/docs: source/getting-started/git-config/index.rst

===============

> Pushing to your repositories with :ref:`FoundriesFactory <ref-factory-definition>`

Reviewer: i can't comment on the actual image above, so putting comment here. The screenshot is missing the `source:read-update` scope.

is as simple as configuring Git on your computer to use the :ref:`api token <ref-api-access>`

> you generated during :ref:`account creation <gs-signup>`.

Reviewer: do we need to remove the text from this file saying we need to create a token?

Reviewer: looks like we didn't have text about creating a token there anyway.

> will use :ref:`ref-fioctl` as the helper to authenticate you when utilizing ``git`` commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 it will use :ref:`ref-fioctl` to authenticate you when utilizing ``git`` commands.
```

   FoundriesFactory Settings

Select the tab :guilabel:`Application Credentials` and create a new **Application Credential** by clicking 

> on :guilabel:`+ New Credentials`. Complete by adding a **Description** and an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on :guilabel:`+ New Credentials`. Complete by adding a **Description** and an
```
Attempting to insert non breaking spaces to prevent a line break on the guilabel. Let us see if the encoding is carried through.

   FoundriesFactory Settings

Select the tab :guilabel:`Application Credentials` and create a new **Application Credential** by clicking on 
:guilabel:`+ New Credentials`. Complete by adding a **Description** and an
**Expiration date** and select :guilabel:`next`.

Check the :guilabel:`Use for tools like fioctl` box and select your
**Factory**. You can later revoke this access and set up a new application credential once you
are familiar with the :ref:`ref-api-access`.

.. figure:: /_static/git-config/fioctl_token.png
   :width: 500
   :align: center

   Application credential for source code access

Git Setup
#########

> Run the following command and it will add relevant entries to git configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command to add the relevant entries to the Git configuration:
```

.. prompt:: bash host:~$, auto

   host:~$ sudo fioctl configure-git

> The reason it needs to be run as ``sudo`` instead of directly as the ``root`` user is
> because it needs to have privileges to create a symlink in the same directory as where ``git`` is located.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. important::
    The reason it needs to be run as ``sudo`` instead of directly as the ``root`` user is
    because it needs to have privileges to create a symlink in the same directory as where ``git`` is located.
    
```
changing to admonition to draw attention

.. tip::

>    You can also use ``git config --global --list`` to show you the current state of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can also use ``git config --global --list`` to show the current state of the
```

>    global Git configuration, Here, ``source.foundries.io`` should be referenced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   global Git configuration, where ``source.foundries.io`` should be referenced
```
